[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
[VIOLINIST SWITCHES TUNE]
[NO AUDIO]
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
(SINGING) My own sweetheart
one morning in May, and just
as the liner was
sailing away, I promised
I'd meet her some
fine summer day, where
we kissed and embraced
in the town of Galway.
Oh, beautiful Galway,
I'm with you it seems,
where the waters of Corrib
flow down to the sea.
Flow softly and sweetly
across the blue bay,
and carry me back to
the town of Galway.
The old Shannon bridge
where I first held her hand.
There were dreams
that we dreamed
for some far distant land.
Where is she held me
closely and I heard her say,
you'll remember me dear,
and the town of Galway.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
[VIOLINIST SWITCHES TUNE]
[MUSIC - JAMES ROYCE SHANNON,
"TOO RA LOO RA LOO RAL"]
(SINGING) Loo-ra-loo-ra,
hush now, don't you cry.
Too-ra-loo-ra-loo-ral
too-ra-loo-ra-li,
too-ra-loo-ra-loo-ral,
that's an Irish lullaby.
Over in Killarney, many
years ago, my mother
sang a song to me in
tones so soft and low.
Just a simple little ditty,
in her good old Irish way,
and I'd give the world if I
could hear that song of hers
today.
Oh, too-ra-loo-ra-loo-ral,
too-ra-loo-ra-li,
too-ra-loo-ra-loo-ral,
hush now don't you cry.
Too-ra-loo-ra-loo-ral,
too-ra-loo-ra-li,
too-ra-loo-ra-loo-ral,
that's an Irish lullaby.
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
I don't know what it is.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
Play with him.
Play with him, Jim.
What about the bars of our Mam?
(SINGING) A simple
little Irish girl.
Little Irish [INAUDIBLE]
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
Every time I hear that I
think of Johnny [INAUDIBLE]..
I wonder if he's still living?
Oh, yeah.
His sister lives in
the neighborhood here.
In this neighborhood?
Yeah.
Her sister.
Oh.
Yeah.
What goes to school with Eddie.
Is that so.
Yeah.
He's an only child.
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
Oh, that's right.
I'll play anything.
Oh, go ahead.
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
I think I know that one.
A lot of it missing.
Yeah.
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
What's that beverage you have?
I don't know.
Huh?
What is it?
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
The leprechaun one.
Eh?
Play the leprechaun one.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
Yeah, that's on.
That's on.
Everything is on.
Everything goes on.
From now on, everything's on.
No matter whether you're
talking, you're singing,
you're dancing.
No matter what goes--
everything is right on.
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
Where's the fire?
That was a bit rapid.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
I'm telling you.
I threw the cigarette in there.
It stinks.
All right.
That's really-- (LAUGHS),
that's really going fast, man.
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
Is that once over or twice over?
I switched.
I'm sorry.
[TUNING INSTRUMENTS]
Eddie-- Eddie, how
about those Blackthorns?
I don't know it.
I get lost in the Blackthorns.
Do you know the Job
of Journey Work?
I think I can follow it.
The what?
The Job of Journey Work.
[MUSIC - IRISH FOLK SONG, "JOB
OF JOURNEY WORK"]
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
Pretty good.
How are you?
Long time no see.
I hardly know him.
How are you?
Just fine, thank you.
How you doing?
Fine, how are you?
I'm all right.
[INTERPOSING VOICES AND VIOLIN
TUNING]
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
[LAUGHTER]
Got you!
Twisted.
You had to get
together on that one.
[INTERPOSING VOICES AND VIOLIN
TUNING]
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
Oh!
They do that, then they
switch it into a jig.
[VIOLIN TUNING]
Should have [INAUDIBLE] do it.
Yeah.
Do you know the [INAUDIBLE]?
Go ahead.
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
I think he calls it The
Scholar, or something.
It's the same tune.
Scholar is a good tune, too.
That's a nice one.
[VIOLIN TUNING]
What do we got in
the line of jigs?
Do you know Paddy O'Carroll?
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
Joan.
Yes?
[INAUDIBLE]
Well, we're on.
We're on.
Everything you say
and everything you do
is recorded for posterity.
[VIOLIN TUNING]
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
Hi, Patty.
Oh, hi Michael.
Michael.
That's Michael.
Good to see you.
Long time, no see.
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
[VIOLIN TUNING]
OK.
They're recording.
No, we mustn't.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
How was that?
How are you?
All right.
How've you been?
Sounds good.
[INTERPOSING VOICES AND VIOLIN
TUNING]
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
[VIOLIN TUNING]
I am badly
disappointed, I think.
I had a record.
It had Father Sydney
McEwan singing that.
Oh, yeah.
He sings it nice, but you
can't understand the words.
Sort of Gaelic, or something.
Yeah.
Well, it's probably the
Scots-Gaelic he's using, huh?
Yeah.
[VIOLIN TUNING]
[INTERPOSING VOICES AND VIOLIN
TUNING]
Two more of those airs.
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
Try that other one again--
She Lived Beside the Anner.
He would understand that.
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
I always thought that
was a letter [INAUDIBLE]..
[LAUGHTER]
That's the foot asleep on a man.
[INTERPOSING VOICES AND VIOLIN
TUNING]
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
Play the Londonderry jig.
Londonderry jig?
I never heard of that.
I know you didn't.
I just wrote it.
[LAUGHTER]
I composed it.
Londonderry [INAUDIBLE].
No, the Londonderry jig.
What is this?
Should be good.
Thank you.
[INTERPOSING VOICES AND VIOLIN
TUNING]
No, the jig that I wrote.
[VIOLIN TUNING]
Go ahead with something else.
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
You know The Western Hornpipe?
Maybe.
I don't know.
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
That's a nice one.
Yeah.
Something else?
Try something else?
[INTERPOSING VOICES AND VIOLIN
TUNING]
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
That's an old one.
Brian's favorite.
[INTERPOSING VOICES AND VIOLIN
TUNING]
I think Mike Coleman
made a recording of that.
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
[INTERPOSING VOICES AND VIOLIN
TUNING]
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
Huh?
[LAUGHTER]
Well, your uncles
would disown me.
I don't know if--
No?
That's one of their favorites.
Yes, it is.
It's one of Mike
Coleman's old tunes.
[INTERPOSING VOICES AND VIOLIN
TUNING]
Huh?
Play it.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
[LAUGHTER]
[INTERPOSING VOICES AND VIOLIN
TUNING]
There you go.
Out of practice.
I never did a lot of times.
[INTERPOSING VOICES AND VIOLIN
TUNING]
She's going to clean house.
[INTERPOSING VOICES AND VIOLIN
TUNING]
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
[INTERPOSING VOICES AND VIOLIN
TUNING]
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
You're supposed to
change keys there,
but I always miss it on
that second part around.
[VIOLIN TUNING]
I can do it when the other
guy's playing with me.
You know, the guitar?
He gives me the right switches.
[VIOLIN TUNING]
Do any of your
children play Eddie?
The boy plays the
accordion a little bit.
John.
He was here this afternoon.
He came this afternoon and
showed them what he had.
Oh, really.
Yeah.
He's in the Army now.
Oh.
He had to go back to the digs.
Ah.
Was he the little one?
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
Is that the little one?
Yeah.
I remember one was just 10
years old, or 11 years old.
Yeah, he's 17.
Oh, he's 17.
[INTERPOSING VOICES AND VIOLIN
TUNING]
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
[LAUGHTER]
[APPLAUSE]
Shh!
[INTERPOSING VOICES AND VIOLIN
TUNING]
What more airs you got?
Those old Irish airs?
Do you know The Lark
in the Clear Air?
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
Do you know The Lark
in the Clear Air?
The what?
The Lark in the Clear Air?
No.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
I can't even think of another.
I'm trying to think
of the old airs.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
[INAUDIBLE] Yeah,
that's a good one.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
[INTERPOSING VOICES AND VIOLIN
TUNING]
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
I feel it.
Good.
You look good.
[INTERPOSING VOICES AND VIOLIN
TUNING]
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
Do you know the
Farewell to Ireland?
I don't think so.
Is it a jig?
[INTERPOSING VOICES AND VIOLIN
TUNING]
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
Mr. Lynch, I'm sorry, bu I'll
have to take a chair, dear.
No, all right.
Here, you're stronger than I am.
You carry that.
[INTERPOSING VOICES AND VIOLIN
TUNING]
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
We're still in business.
[INTERPOSING VOICES AND VIOLIN
TUNING]
Do you know the [INAUDIBLE] jig?
[INTERPOSING VOICES AND VIOLIN
TUNING]
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
[INTERPOSING VOICES AND VIOLIN
TUNING]
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
[VIOLINIST SWITCHES TUNE]
[NO AUDIO]